A network is a collection of computers and other devices that can send data to and

receive data from one another, more or less in real time. A network is often connected

by wires, and the bits of data are turned into electromagnetic waves that move through

the wires.

 -Each machine on a network is called a node. Most nodes are computers, but printers, routers, bridges, gateways, dumb terminals, and Coca-Cola™ machines can also be nodes.

Nodes that are fully functional computers are also called

hosts. I will use the word node to refer to any device on the network, and the word host

to refer to a node that is a general-purpose computer.

Every network node has an address, a sequence of bytes that uniquely identifies it.

The more bytes there are in each address,the more addresses there are available and the more devices that can be connected tothe network simultaneously.

Addresses are assigned differently on different kinds of networks. Ethernet addressesare attached to the physical Ethernet hardware. Manufacturers of Ethernet hardwareuse preassigned manufacturer codes to make sure there are no conflicts between theaddresses in their hardware and the addresses of other manufacturers’ hardware. Eachmanufacturer is responsible for making sure it doesn’t ship two Ethernet cards with thesame address. Internet addresses are normally assigned to a computer by the organi‐zation that is responsible for it. However, the addresses that an organization is allowedto choose for its computers are assigned by the organization’s Internet service provider(ISP).

On some kinds of networks, nodes also have text names that help human beings identifythem such as “www.elharo.com” or “Beth Harold’s Computer.”
a particular name normally refers to exactly one address

Names can change while addresses stay the same; likewise, addresses canchange while the names stay the same. One address can have several names and onename can refer to several different addresses

All modern computer networks are packet-switched networks: data traveling on thenetwork is broken into chunks called packets and each packet is handled separately.Each packet contains information about who sent it and where it’s going. The mostimportant advantage of breaking data into individually addressed packets is that packetsfrom many ongoing exchanges can travel on one wire, which makes it much cheaper tobuild a network: many computers can share the same wire without interfering.

Another advantage of packets is thatchecksums can be used to detect whether a packet was damaged in transit.

A protocol is a precise set of rules defining how computerscommunicate: the format of addresses, how data is split into packets, and so on.

the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) defines how web browsers and servers communicate; at the other end of the spectrum, the IEEE 802.3 standard defines a protocol for how bits are encoded as electrical signals on a particular type of wire.

## The Layers of a Network

 the different aspects of network communication are separated into multiple layers. Each layer represents a different level of abstraction between the physical hardware (i.e., the wires and electricity) and the information being transmitted
In theory, each layer only talksto the layers immediately above and immediately below it.

Separating the network intolayers lets you modify or even replace the software in one layer without affecting theothers, as long as the interfaces between the layers stay the same.