# Title

When a router receives a traceroute packet, the value in the TTL field is decremented by 1. When the value in the field reaches zero, the receiving router will not forward the packet, and will send an ICMP Time Exceeded message back to the source.

Link-local addresses are in the range of FE80::/10 to FEBF::/10. The original IPv6 specification defined site-local addresses and used the prefix range FEC0::/10, but these addresses were deprecated by the IETF in favor of unique local addresses. FDEE::/7 is a unique local address because it is in the range of FC00::/7 to FDFF::/7. IPv6 multicast addresses have the prefix FF00::/8.

An IPv6 enabled device sends a data packet with the destination address of FF02::2. What is the target of this packet?​
all IPv6 configured routers on the local link​

To derive the EUI-64 interface ID by using the MAC address 1C-6F-65-C2-BD-F8, three steps are taken.

Change the seventh bit of the MAC address from a binary 0 to a binary 1 which changes the hex C, into a hex E.
Insert hex digits FFFE into the middle of the address.
Rewrite the address in IPv6 format.

What would be the interface ID of an IPv6 enabled interface with a MAC address of 1C-6F-65-C2-BD-F8 when the interface ID is generated by using the EUI-64 process?

1E6F:65FF:FEC2:BDF8

A network technician is researching the use of fiber optic cabling in a new technology center. Which two issues should be considered before implementing fiber optic media? (Choose two.)

- Fiber optic cabling requires different termination and splicing expertise from what copper cabling requires.
- Fiber optic provides higher data capacity but is more expensive than copper cabling.


The three areas of concern for wireless networks focus on the size of the coverage area, any nearby interference, and providing network security. Extensive cabling is not a concern for wireless networks, as a wireless network will require minimal cabling for providing wireless access to hosts. Mobility options are not a component of the areas of concern for wireless networks.


Which wireless technology has low-power and low-data rate requirements making it popular in IoT environments?
Zigbee

Zigbee is a specification used for low-data rate, low-power communications. It is intended for applications that require short-range, low data-rates and long battery life. Zigbee is typically used for industrial and Internet of Things (IoT) environments such as wireless light switches and medical device data collection.

 A default gateway address is typically configured on all devices to allow them to communicate beyond just their local network.

Which two statements accurately describe an advantage or a disadvantage when deploying NAT for IPv4 in a network? (Choose two.)

- NAT provides a solution to slow down the IPv4 address depletion.
- NAT introduces problems for some applications that require end-to-end connectivity.

Network Address Translation (NAT) is a technology that is implemented within IPv4 networks. One application of NAT is to use private IP addresses inside a network and use NAT to share a few public IP addresses for many internal hosts. In this way it provides a solution to slow down the IPv4 address depletion. However, since NAT hides the actual IP addresses that are used by end devices, it may cause problems for some applications that require end-to-end connectivity.

The network layer is primarily concerned with passing data from a source to a destination on another network. IP addresses supply unique identifiers for the source and destination. The network layer provides connectionless, best-effort delivery. Devices rely on higher layers to supply services to processes.

The data link layer is actually divided into two sublayers:

+ Logical Link Control (LLC): This upper sublayer defines the software processes that provide services to the network layer protocols. It places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame. This information allows multiple Layer 3 protocols, such as IPv4 and IPv6, to utilize the same network interface and media.
+ Media Access Control (MAC): This lower sublayer defines the media access processes performed by the hardware. It provides data link layer addressing and delimiting of data according to the physical signaling requirements of the medium and the type of data link protocol in use

Layer 4 port numbers identify the application or service which will handle the data. The source port number is added by the sending device and will be the destination port number when the requested information is returned. Layer 4 segments are encapsulated within IP packets. UDP, not TCP, is used when low overhead is needed. A source IP address, not a TCP source port number, identifies the sending host on the network. Destination port numbers are specific ports that a server application or service monitors for requests.

What are two common causes of signal degradation when using UTP cabling? (Choose two.)

low-quality cable or connectors
improper termination

Which two statements describe how to assess traffic flow patterns and network traffic types using a protocol analyzer? (Choose two.)
Perform the capture on different network segments.
Capture traffic during peak utilization times to get a good representation of the different traffic types.

If PC1 is sending a packet to PC2 and routing has been configured between the two routers, what will R1 do with the Ethernet frame header attached by PC1?

remove the Ethernet header and configure a new Layer 2 header before sending it out S0/0/0

What does the term “attenuation” mean in data communication?
loss of signal strength as distance increases

Data is transmitted on copper cables as electrical pulses. A detector in the network interface of a destination device must receive a signal that can be successfully decoded to match the signal sent. However, the farther the signal travels, the more it deteriorates. This is referred to as signal attenuation.